Answer: 
 The model is very uncertain about the case under consideration, but the most probable label is C4. There is a 30.83% chance that it could be C1; a 35.74% chance that it could be C4 and a 33.42% chance that it could be C3. On the other hand, it is very confident that the correct label is not C2. The decision above is mainly influenced by the values of F1, F4, F6, and F5 which are also shown as having positive attributions in support of the classification verdict. Conversely, the remaining attributes F3 and F2 negatively support the classification decision, driving the model to output a different label. 

Input: 
 | predicted class | C4 35.74% | other classes | C1 30.83%&& C2 0.00%&& C3 33.42% | 1st | F1 positive 0.08 | 2nd | F4 positive 0.05 | 3rd | F6 positive 0.02 | 4th | F5 positive 0.00 | 5th | F3 negative -0.00 | 6th | F2 negative -0.00 | 

Outputs: 
The model predicts class C4 for the given case with a confidence level equal to 35.74%. However, there is a 30.83% chance that it could be any of the other labels, C1 and C2, which have a probability of about 0.0%. The uncertainty in the classification decision here can be attributed to the negative contributions of F3 and F2. From the attribution analysis, all the input features are shown to contribute positively, increasing the likelihood of assigning the correct label. All the remaining features had a moderately low impact on the prediction made by the model for this case but F1, F4,  F6, or F5 were the top positive features. In summary, considering the direction of influence of each feature, it is valid to conclude that the combined effect of these negative features is greater than that of those above.

The probability that C2 is the correct label for the case under consideration is 100.0%, while that of C1 is only 0.05%. The analysis shows that F1, F4, and F6 are the most important features driving the classification above. On the other hand, the least relevant features are F3 and  F2. In terms of the direction of influence of each input feature, all of them have a positive impact on the classifier's decision with respect to the given case. However, as per the attribution analysis performed, there are some features with negative attributions, shifting the verdict in the opposite direction. Those with moderate contributions include F7, Analysing the predicted probabilities revealed that their values support labelling the situation as either alternative or different class. All things considered, it is not surprising that the confidence level associated with the assigned label is higher than average.

The model predicted class C4 for the given case with a moderately high confidence level of 35.74%. It is important to note that there is also a 30.83% chance that C2 could be the correct label, while C3 has a 33.42% probability of being the true label. The above prediction decision is mainly based on the influence of the following features: F1, F4, and F6. On the other hand, the least relevant features considered by the model in this case are F3 and  F2. Regarding the direction of influence or contribution of each set of features, only F5 shows positive contributions, increasing the odds in favour of labelling the provided case as "C4".

The most probable label for the given data is C4, with a 35.74% chance of being correct. The other labels, C1 and C2, have a 30.83% likelihood of having a 33.42% prediction probability. Therefore, it is safe to say that the classifier is very confident about the assigned label since the predicted probabilities across the classes are as follows: F1, F4, F6, and F5. In terms of the direction of influence of each input feature, only F3 has a negative contribution, shifting the classification verdict in favour of an alternative label. However, when you compare the attributions of these features to those of all the remaining ones, we can conclude that they are not relevant when deciding the appropriate label here.

The classification algorithm labels the given data as C1, with a very high confidence level equal to 93.0%, implying that the likelihood of C2 being the correct label is only 0.05%.  The most relevant features driving the above prediction are F1 and F4, which are followed by F6, F5, and finally F3. From the attribution analysis, all the input features have varying degrees of influence on the decision made by the algorithm for the case under consideration. All the remaining positive features, such as F7, P5, F8, Shifting the verdict in the opposite direction, favourably support the assignment of either label. In conclusion, we can conclude that it is not surprising that there is a lot of doubt about the correctness of the assigned label here.

The model predicted class C4 with a 35.74% chance of being correct, implying that the likelihood of C1 being the correct label is only 30.83%. The other labels, C2 and C3, are shown to have a 33.42% prediction probability. Therefore, we can conclude that it is safe to say that there is little doubt about the correctness of the assigned label for the given case. F1, F4, and F6 are the top positive features driving the classification higher towards C5. On the other hand, the remaining negative features such as F3 and  F2 are shifting the decision in the opposite direction. In summary, looking at the attributions of each input feature, they can be ranked according to their respective degree of influence: From the attribution analysis, all the ones with negative contributions leading to the prediction verdict above are referred to as negative or irrelevant features since their contributions support labelling the case differently from the provided label.

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C4 with a moderately high confidence level. However, there is a 30.83% chance that it could be C2 and a 33.42% possibility that perhaps C3 is the correct label. According to the attribution analysis, the most relevant features considered by the algorithm for this classification are F1, F4, and F6 since their respective directions of influence are higher than any of the other classes. The uncertainty associated with the prediction decision can be blamed on the negative contributions of variables such as F3 (and F2), which decrease the likelihood of assigning the assigned label in this case. In conclusion, we can conclude that the very strong positive influence or contribution of F7 coupled with moderate contributions from the remaining positive variables further increases the odds of labelling the provided data as either C5 or C8.

The prediction algorithm labels the given case as C1 with a very high confidence level, implying that there is only about a 1.0% chance that it could be C2. The most relevant features resulting in the above classification decision are F1, F4, and F6, while the least relevant ones are shown to be F2 and  F3. Based on the values of these input features, we can conclude that the algorithm is quite certain that neither C9 nor C3 is the right label for the case under consideration here. In conclusion, considering the direction of influence of each input feature, one can say that their contributions decrease the likelihood of the assigned label (C1).

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C4 with a moderately high confidence level equal to 35.74%. It also finds that there is a 30.83% chance that it could be C2, which has a 0.0% probability of being the correct label. The variables F1, F4, and F6 are the most important ones resulting in the prediction decision above. However, unlike all the top features mentioned above, their values have very little influence on the algorithm's output decision here. From the attributions analysis, only F3 shows negative contributions, increasing the odds of the assigned label but not the magnitude of its impact.

The classification algorithm classifies the given case as C4 with a 35.74% probability, implying that there is about a 33.42% chance that it could be C3. The prediction probabilities across the classes are as follows: C1 30.83%, C2 0.00%, and C 3. However, based on the values of the input features F1, F4, and F6, it can be concluded that the model is not 100 percent certain about the correct label for this case. According to the attributions analysis, only F3 has negative contributions, shifting the decision in the opposite direction towards the other labels. From the attribution assessment, we can see why the algorithm is very certain that neither C5 nor C7 is the appropriate label here.

The classifier is very certain that C2 is the correct label for the given data instance since its associated predicted probability is 100.0%. The classification decision above is mainly based on the values of the features F1, F4, and F6 which are shown to be the most important ones when it comes to assigning a label to the case here. On the other hand, the least relevant features with respect to this classification instance are F2 and  F3. When you take into consideration the direction of influence of each input feature, it is obvious why there is a high level of confidence in the assigned label. From the prediction probabilities across the classes, we can conclude that the negative features only succeed in increasing the odds of C1 being the true label; hence they are referred to as positive features.

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C4 since there is a 35.74% chance that it could be C1, 30.83%, and 33.42%. Based on the prediction probabilities across the classes, we can conclude that the algorithm is very certain about the label choice here. The features with the most contributions to the above decision are F3, F2, and F5. Among these top features, only F1 has a positive impact, increasing the odds of the assigned label. On the flip side, the values of F6, M5, or F7 have a negative influence, shifting the verdict in the opposite direction. However, unlike all the input features mentioned above, their respective attributions are not enough to sway the final decision in favour of any other class. From the attribution analysis, one can deduce that each feature contributes positively towards the assignment of an alternative label; therefore, it is safe to say that this confidence level is low.

Run names: 
balmy-forest-91 absurd-dew-49 dry-thunder-55 solar-serenity-72 fresh-oath-71 earthy-hill-73 gallant-wave-65 scarlet-capybara-56 logical-rain-50 rich-valley-82 fallen-shadow-80 decent-donkey-81