Answer: 
 The model predicts label C1 at a 100.0% confidence level since the predicted likelihood of the other label, C2, is 0.0%. The attributes with the most significant influence on the prediction were F2, F3, and F1. These attributes have a strong positive influence, driving the decision with respect to this test case towards C1. F4, and F5 also suggest that the prediction should be C1 and it shouldn't be C2. When combined with the F2, F3, and F1, it is not surprising that the model is adamant that the correct label is C1. Conversely, the value of F6 is pushing the prediction in a different direction, however, given its attribution, there is only a very marginal chance that the label could be C2. 

Input: 
 | predicted class | C1 100.00% | other classes | C2 0.00% | 1st | F2 positive 0.21 | 2nd | F1 positive 0.13 | 3rd | F3 positive 0.13 | 4th | F4 positive 0.10 | 5th | F5 positive 0.09 | 6th | F6 negative -0.05 | 

Outputs: 
The model predicted class C1 with 100.0% certainty, implying that there is little chance that the other label, C2, could be the correct label. The classification decision above is mainly based on the values of the input features F2 and F1, which are shown to have a strong positive contribution in support of labelling the given case as "C1". On the contrary, F6 has a very weak negative attribution, shifting the prediction verdict in favour of an alternative label (C2). However, looking at the direction of influence of each feature, it is evident why the model is very certain about the assigned label for this case.

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C1 with a very high confidence level equal to 99.95%, implying that there is little chance that C2 could be the correct label. The features with the most influence on the above classification are F2, F1, and F3, all of which have a strong positive impact or contribution in support of the assigned label since they increase the likelihood of being the right one. However, the feature F6 has only a small negative impact when it comes to labelling the case under consideration. From the attribution analysis, we can see that not all the features positively contribute to the decision made by the algorithm for this case. In fact, some of these features have values that contradict the model's prediction, shifting the verdict in the direction of an alternative class. This might explain why the uncertainty about the true label may be explained away by looking at the predicted probabilities across the classes.

The classification algorithm is very confident that the correct label for the given case is C1. The features F2, F1, and F3 are the main driving forces resulting in the above prediction decision. Among these top features, only F6 has a negative contribution, shifting the verdict away from C4 and towards C2. Other positive features increasing the odds of the assigned label are F4, which also happens to have a strong positive effect on the algorithm. Finally, it is important to note that not all the input features support the labelling decision made here and this can be attributed to the direction of influence of each feature. From the attribution analysis, we can see that there are several features with values supporting or contradicting the model's output decision but they are mainly referred to as negative features since their contributions reduce the likelihood of assigning the label chosen by the classifier. In summary, looking at the predicted probabilities across the classes, one can conclude that even though the confidence level is 100.0%, the collective impact of negative attributes is quite small compared to that of positive ones such as F7,  F5,and F8.

The model predicted class C1 with 100.0% confidence, implying that the likelihood of C2 being the correct label is zero. The variables F2, F1, and F3 are the most important ones driving the prediction verdict above. In addition, the least relevant variables are F6 and  they have a very small impact on the decision made by the model for this case. However, looking at the direction of influence of each input variable, it can be concluded that their respective impacts are quite low when compared to those of the top positive variables such as F4, P5, or F7. Considering the attributions of all the input variables, we can conclude that there is little to no chance that either of them could be the true label for the given data instance.

The model predicted C1 with 100.0% certainty, implying that the probability of C2 being the correct label is only 0.05%. The features F2, F1, and F3 have a very strong positive influence on the prediction decision above, whereas F6 has a weak negative impact in support of labelling the given case as C4 instead. In conclusion, it is important to note that not all the features are shown to contribute positively to the classification made by the model for this case. All the remaining features have values that swing the verdict towards one of the other possible labels, C5 and C7. Finally, the set of features with little effect on classifier's output decision here can be ranked according to their respective attributions based on how powerful they are compared to each other.

The model's output prediction for the given case is C1, with a confidence level of 100.0%, implying that there is little to no chance that C2 could be the correct label. The input variables F3, F4, and F6 are shown to have very strong positive influence on the decision made by the model. However, their attributions are smaller compared to those of the top negative variables such as F8,  F5, etc. Considering the direction of influence of each input variable, it is reasonable to assume that the majority of them have positive contributions, increasing the odds in favour of predicting the other class. In fact, considering the predicted probabilities across the classes, we can conclude that they are somewhat biased towards labelling the case as C 2.

The classification model is 100.0% certain that the correct label for the given case is C1, and there is little to no chance that it is any of the other labels. The most relevant variables influencing the prediction decision above are F2, F1, and F3, all of which have a very strong positive impact on the labelling decision made by the model here. On the flip side, the input variables F6 has a negative impact, shifting the verdict in the opposite direction, favouring the alternative label, C2. However, comparing the attributions of these top variables to those of their respective counterparts explains why the confidence level associated with the assigned label is almost 100%. In summary, looking at the predicted likelihoods across the classes, it can be concluded that each variable has some degree of influence or contribution to the final outcome.

According to the classification algorithm, C1 is the most likely label for the given case with a very high confidence level equal to 99.70%. F2, F1, and F3 are the features that have the highest impact on the algorithm's output decision here. However, unlike them, all the remaining features have varying degrees of influence on it. The least relevant feature is F6, which has a negative contribution towards the final labelling decision in this case. From the attributions analysis, only F5 had a positive impact, further increasing the odds of the assigned label. In summary, looking at the predicted probabilities across the classes, we can conclude that the combined effect of these negative features is outweighed by the contributions of other positive features such as F4, P5,  F8, And F7. On the other hand, the strong positive influence of F9 overshadows the negative attribution from F11 hence favouring the assignment of C2.

The model predicts the class label C1 with 100.0% certainty, implying that there is little chance that C2 could be the correct label. The most relevant features resulting in the above prediction are F2, F1, and F3, which are all shown to have a very strong positive impact on the decision made by the model for the case under consideration. On the other hand, the least relevant feature is F6, with a negative contribution of 0.05%. In summary, given that the joint influence of the input features is smaller than that of any of them, it can be concluded that their contributions only serve to decrease the odds of C4 being the right label here.

The model is 100.0% certain that the correct label for the given case is C1, with a very high confidence level. The variables F2 and F1 are the most important driving factors resulting in the above classification decision. On the other hand, the least relevant variables are F4, F5, and  F6. According to the attribution analysis, only F3 has negative attributions, decreasing the likelihood of the assigned label; therefore, it can be concluded that there is no reason why the model should be certain about the prediction made here. However, considering the direction of influence of each input variable, we can conclude that they have some degree of impact on the algorithm's final decision regarding the case under consideration.

The classifier is very certain that C1 is the correct label for the given case, with a confidence level of 100.0%. The features F2, F1, and F3 are the major contributors to the aforementioned classification decision. Across the input features, only F6 has a negative impact, decreasing the likelihood of the assigned label in favour of C2. This negative feature also happens to be the least relevant feature when it comes to labelling this case. However, compared to all the positive features mentioned above, the ratio of negative features is smaller when you consider the direction of effect of each feature.

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C1 with a 100.0% confidence level, implying that there is little to no chance that C2 is the correct label. The variables F2, F1, and F3 are the main drivers resulting in the above prediction decision. On the other hand, the least relevant variables are F6, which has a negative impact on the algorithm's final labelling decision for this case. In simple terms, it can be concluded that the combination of positive variables coupled with negative variables increases the odds of the alternative label being the true label here. However, looking at the attribution analysis, we can see that not all the variables contribute positively towards the assigned label since their attributions are very close to zero.

Run names: 
balmy-forest-91 absurd-dew-49 dry-thunder-55 solar-serenity-72 fresh-oath-71 earthy-hill-73 gallant-wave-65 scarlet-capybara-56 logical-rain-50 rich-valley-82 fallen-shadow-80 decent-donkey-81