Answer: 
 The model identifies this example as C2 while the likelihood of C1 is 0.0%. Based on the foregoing, the model verdict is that there is no possibility that the case falls under C1. F8 is by far the most important feature, whereas F5, F2, and F6 are the least significant. The intermediate features are F3, F1, F9, F7, and F4, arranged in order of their anticipated label attributions. In terms of the influence direction of each feature, four of the nine exhibit positive attributions in favour of the assigned label hence boosting the model's reaction in support of the C2 label, whereas the other five contradict. Positive features are F8, F9, F7, and F5, while unfavourable features include F3, F1, F4, F2, and F6, pushing the prediction conclusion to C1. 

Input: 
 | predicted class | C2 100.00% | other classes | C1 0.00% | 1st | F8 positive 0.62 | 2nd | F3 negative -0.04 | 3rd | F1 negative -0.02 | 4th | F9 positive 0.02 | 5th | F7 positive 0.01 | 6th | F4 negative -0.01 | 7th | F5 positive 0.00 | 8th | F2 negative -0.00 | 9th | F6 negative -0.00 | 

Outputs: 
The classifier is 100.0% certain that the correct label for the given case is C2 and this means that there is little chance that it could be any of the other labels. The classification decision above is mainly due to the influence of F8, F3, and F1. However, features such as F9, Analysing the direction of impact of each feature indicates that they have a different degree of influence on the prediction made here. In summary, looking at the predicted likelihoods across the classes, it can be concluded that all the input features are shown to have some sort of negative contribution or effect in support of labelling the provided data as C1 instead. All the remaining features mentioned above have varying degrees of positive attributions, increasing the odds in favour of assigning the assigned label. Finally, only F6 has a negative attribution, shifting the verdict in the opposite direction.

The classification model assigned the label C2 to the given case with a very high degree of confidence. It is important to note, however, that there is an 18.0% chance that C1 could be the true label. The above classification decision is mainly based on the influence of features such as F8, F3, and F1. Among these top features, only F6 has negative attributions, shifting the verdict in the direction of any of the other classes. However, unlike all the remaining features mentioned above, the majority of them have positive contributions, increasing the likelihood of class 2 being the correct label for the provided data instance. In summary, it is obvious why the model is certain about the choice made here.

The classifier is very confident that the correct label for the given case is C2 and this prediction decision is based on the values of the features F8, F3, and F1. The most relevant features are F5, which have a positive impact on labelling the provided data or case in terms of its relative degree of influence. On the other hand, the least relevant feature is identified as F6, with a negative contribution towards the assignment of label C1 hence it is not surprising to see the confidence level associated with the assigned label. However, looking at the predicted likelihoods across the classes, we can conclude that there is little to no chance that either of them could be the true label here.

The model predicted class C2 with 100.0% certainty, implying that there is little chance that the other label, C1, could be the true label. The above prediction decision is mainly based on the influence of the following features: F8, F3, and F1. Among these top-ranked features, only F6 has a negative impact, shifting the classification verdict in favour of an alternative label; therefore, it is not surprising to see the confidence level associated with the assigned label for this case. All the remaining features have positive attributions, increasing the likelihood of assigning the correct label or class. In contrast, the values of F7 and  F5 are the least relevant ones when choosing the appropriate label here. Finally, according to the attribution analysis, each input feature has its own degree of contribution towards the final decision made by the model.

The case is labelled as C2 by the classifier based on the values of the features F8, F3, and F1 since their respective attributions are very close to zero. The most influential feature with respect to this prediction decision is F9, while the least influential ones are F5,  F2, or F6. Among the top influential features, only F7 has a positive influence, increasing the odds in favour of labelling the case as "C2". On the other hand, the moderately negative features include F4, which decreases the probability that the correct label is C1; hence explaining the uncertainty associated with the assigned label. In conclusion, it is important to note that not all the input features positively contribute to the model's prediction for this test case and some of them have negative contributions, shifting the verdict in the opposite direction. Positive features increase the likelihood of assigning the chosen label but negative ones decrease the chances of selecting the alternative label, C0. Finally, looking at the predicted probabilities across the classes, we can conclude that there is a little bit of uncertainty about the classification made here.

The model is very confident that the correct label for the given case is C2, implying that there is a little bit of doubt about the correctness of the assigned label. The features F8, F3, and F1 are shown to be the major contributors to the above prediction decision; therefore, it is reasonable to assume that they are the ones driving the labelling decision in the direction of C1. Furthermore, the remaining features such as F9,  F7,, F4, And F5 have positive attributions, further increasing the likelihood of class C 2. On the other hand, these negative features decrease the confidence level associated with the classification decision made by the model for this test case. In conclusion, we can conclude that perhaps the true label could be either of two other labels, which is unlikely since their respective probabilities are closer to zero.

The classifier is 100.0% certain that the correct label for the given case is C2, and this prediction decision is mainly based on the influence of the following features: F8, F3,  and F1. On the other hand, there are a number of variables with negative attributions, shifting the classification verdict in the opposite direction. The top positive variables are F9, which has a very strong positive contribution, increasing the odds of labelling the provided case as C 2. Conversely, the remaining variables have a weak positive impact, decreasing the likelihood of assigning the assigned label. In summary, looking at the predicted probabilities across the classes, we can conclude that there is little to no chance that C1 is the true label here.

The classification algorithm labels the case as C2 with a very high confidence level, implying that there is only a small chance that it could be C1. The above prediction decision is mainly based on the influence of the following features: F8, F3, and F1 since their respective attributions are higher than those of any other input feature mentioned above. However, according to the attribution analysis, all the remaining features have values that contradict the assigned label; hence they are referred to as negative features when determining the correct label for the given case. In contrast, the positive features such as F9, F7, And F5 increase the odds of assigning the selected label in this instance. On the other hand, shifting the verdict away from C4 are the negative attributes F2,  F6, which decrease the probability that C 2 is the right label. Finally, considering the predicted likelihoods across the classes, it can be concluded that the joint negative contribution is not enough to swing the algorithm's verdict in favour of an alternative class.

The classifier is very certain that the correct label for the given case is C2, with a confidence level equal to 100.0%. According to the attributions analysis performed, F8 and F3 are the most influential features resulting in the classification decision above. The least relevant features are F5, which has a moderate degree of influence on the final prediction made here. On the other hand, the values of F6 and  F7 have a moderately low impact on this classification verdict. In conclusion, it is valid to conclude that there is little chance that C1 is the right label since its associated predicted probability is 0.00%.

The classifier is 100.0% certain that the correct label for the given case is C2, with a confidence level equal to 100%. The above prediction decision is mainly based on the influence of the following variables: F8, F3, and F1. On the other hand, the values of F7,  F4, And F5 are shown to be less relevant when determining the appropriate label in this case. According to the attribution analysis, only four features have negative attributions, shifting the verdict in favour of an alternative label, C1 which could explain why the model is very certain about the assigned label. In conclusion, it can be concluded that there is little to no chance that either of these negative features is the true label here.

The classifier is very certain that the correct label for the given case is C1, with a confidence level of 100.0%. The classification decision above is mainly based on the influence of the following features: F8, F3, and F1. Among these top influential features, only F6 has a negative contribution, pushing the prediction towards C2. However, there are several other positive features that increase the likelihood of this labelling instance. These include F9, All7,. Finally, it is important to note that all the remaining variables have a moderate degree of influence, which can be attributed to the strong positive contributions of F11, P5, & F10 combined with the moderately low negative attributions from F4, 5%, F2,  and V6. In summary, judging by the predicted probability distribution across the classes, we can conclude that neither side is shifting the verdict in favour of any of those labels.

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C2 with a 100.0% confidence level, implying that there is little to no chance that C1 is the correct label. According to the attribution analysis, the most relevant features are F8, F3, and F1, while the least relevant ones are shown to be F9,  F7, And F4. Among the top influential features, only F5 has a negative impact on the algorithm's output decision for this case. The other positive features include F6, which further increases the likelihood of the assigned label in this instance. In conclusion, it is important to note that not all the input features contribute positively towards the prediction made here since their values strongly support labelling the data under consideration as "C2". Finally, considering the direction of influence of each input feature, we can conclude that the uncertainty associated with the aforementioned classification could be explained away by just looking at the attributions of these negative features.

Run names: 
balmy-forest-91 absurd-dew-49 dry-thunder-55 solar-serenity-72 fresh-oath-71 earthy-hill-73 gallant-wave-65 scarlet-capybara-56 logical-rain-50 rich-valley-82 fallen-shadow-80 decent-donkey-81