Answer: 
 The predicted label generated by the algorithm is C2 since the likelihoods of C1 and C3 are equal to 22.27% and 4.16%, respectively. The major factors influencing the classification made here are the values of F12, F7, F5, and F8 whereas the remaining features, though influential, have moderate-to-lower contributions. These moderately influential features include F11, F1, and F9. In addition, F10, F3, and F6 are shown to have the least impact on the decision above. The major factors influencing the classification made here are the values of F12, F7, F5, and F8 and the remaining features, though influential have moderate to lower contributions. These moderately influential features include F11, F1, and F9. In addition, F10, F3, and F6 are shown to have the least impact on the decision above. According to the factor-influence analysis, the main negative feature resulting in the decrease in the response towards labelling the data as C1 is F7. Other notable negative features include F5, F11, and F9. The negative features are pulling the classification decision towards one of the other possible classes, likely C1. The influence of the negative features is countered by that of the positive features such as F12, F8, F1, and F4. The positive features increase the algorithm's response, pushing it to label the case as C2. In summation, considering the prediction probability associated with C2, it is obvious that the positive features outweigh the negative ones, hence confidence in the final classification decision. 

Input: 
 | predicted class | C2 73.58% | other classes | C3 4.16%&& C1 22.27% | 1st | F12 positive 0.32 | 2nd | F7 negative -0.28 | 3rd | F5 negative -0.07 | 4th | F8 positive 0.06 | 5th | F11 negative -0.06 | 6th | F1 positive 0.03 | 7th | F9 negative -0.03 | 8th | F4 positive 0.02 | 9th | F2 positive 0.02 | 10th | F10 positive 0.02 | 11th | F3 negative -0.01 | 12th | F6 negative -0.01 | 

Outputs: 
The classification model is 73.58% certain that C2 is the correct label for the given case, while there is a 22.27% chance that it could be any of the other labels. The most influential features resulting in the prediction decision above are F12, F7, and F5 which are shown to have a very strong positive influence on the model's decision here. However, unlike all the input features mentioned above, the values of F11,  F9, or F3 are deemed less important when determining the right label with respect to this case. Finally, considering the direction of influence of each feature, it is not surprising that the confidence level associated with labelling the provided data as C1 is about 73%.

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C1 with a very high confidence level equal to 98.93% and this implies that there is about an 18.43% chance that it could be C2 instead. The most relevant features resulting in the above classification are F12, F7, and F5 since their respective contributions are higher than any of the remaining positive features. On the other hand, the values of F9,  F3, or F6 have moderate influence on the decision made by the algorithm here. However, considering the predicted likelihoods across the classes, it can be concluded that the negative features only serve to decrease the odds of labelling the provided data as either class label. In conclusion, we can conclude from the attributions analysis that all the input features have some degree of influence towards the aforementioned classification verdict. Among the influential features mentioned above, only F8 was shown to have negative contributions, shifting the prediction away from C 1. Finally, among the top four attributes, not all of them positively contribute to the assigned label, hence they are referred to as negative when determining the correct label for the case under consideration.

The most likely label for the given case is C2, with a 73.58% chance of being correct. The other labels, C3 and C1, have a 4.16% prediction probability while that of C4 is 22.27%.  The above prediction decision is mainly based on the influence of the following features: F12, F7, and F5 which are shown to be the main contributors to the aforementioned classification verdict. On the other hand, the least relevant features considered by the classifier in this case are F9, or F3. In summary, looking at the predicted likelihoods across the classes, it can be concluded that there is a moderately high level of confidence in the assigned label.

The prediction likelihood of class C2 is 73.58%, making it the most probable label for the given data or instance. The other labels, C3 and C1, have a 4.16% chance of being correct, respectively. F12, F7, and F5 are the top features contributing to the aforementioned classification verdict. On the other hand, the least relevant features considered by the model in this case are F8,  F4, And F2. Considering the direction of influence of each input feature, we can conclude that the majority of the influential features contribute positively towards the choice of label here. Among the positive features, only F6 has a negative contribution, shifting the labelling decision away from C 2. In contrast, all the remaining ones, such as F9,, F3, with a moderate positive impact, favouring the assignment of an alternative label. Finally, considering the predicted probabilities across the classes, it is foreseeable why the confidence level associated with the assigned label could be low.

The classification algorithm labels the given data as C1, with a prediction confidence level equal to 99.99%, implying that the probability of C2 being the correct label is only 0.05%. The most relevant features driving the above prediction decision are F12, F7, and F5, while the least relevant ones are  F8, And F11. Among the input features, only F3, on the other hand, have negative attributions, shifting the verdict in the opposite direction. Conversely, the top positive features are such as F9,, F4, which increase the algorithm's response in favour of labelling the data instance as "C1". Finally, it is important to note that not all the remaining features positively contribute to the model's decision for the case under consideration; hence they are referred to as negative features since their contributions decrease the likelihood of predicting C0.

The prediction likelihood of class C2 is 73.58%, making it the most probable label for the given data or case. The other labels, C3 and C1, are 4.16% and 22.27%, respectively. Based on the predicted probabilities across the classes, we can conclude that the model is quite confident in its decision here. Among the top features, F12 and F7 have a very strong positive influence, increasing the odds of the assigned label. On the other hand, the negative features such as F5,  F11, and, F9, reduce the chances of assigning any label to the provided data instance. Considering the direction of influence of each input feature, it is valid to deduce that some of them contribute negatively, shifting the verdict away from labelling the case as either C4 or C6. In conclusion, looking at the attributions of all the input features mentioned above, one can say that they are shown to be the ones driving the classification higher towards C 2.

According to the classification algorithm, there is a 73.58% chance that C2 is the correct label for the given data instance and this implies that any of the other classes, C3, F11, and C1, has a predicted probability of about 22.27%. The most relevant features driving the above prediction are F12, followed by F7,  and F5. On the lower end are the least influential features, such as F10, with values shifting the decision in the opposite direction. Among the top positive variables, only F6 has negative contributions, decreasing the algorithm's response towards assigning an alternative label. Conversely, the remaining positive ones include F8, M1., F4,, F2, or F9. Considering the attributions of all the input variables mentioned above, it is not surprising that the confidence level associated with labelling the case as "C2". In conclusion, considering the degree of uncertainty surrounding the assigned label, we can conclude from the attribution analysis that:

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C2 with a very high confidence level equal to 99.0%. The prediction decision above is mainly based on the influence of the following features: F12, F7, and F5. On the other hand, the least relevant features are F8,  F1, F4, And F10. According to the attribution analysis, only F9 has negative contributions, shifting the verdict in the opposite direction towards C1. However, unlike all the input features mentioned above, their respective attributions are not enough to sway the algorithm's judgement in favour of label C3. In conclusion, it can be concluded that the joint positive contribution of F11, P9, or F6 is quite modest when compared to these top influential features.

The probability that C2 is the correct label is 73.58 percent, implying that there is only a 22.27% chance that it could be C1. Based on the prediction probabilities across the classes, we can conclude that the most probable label for the given data instance is C3 with a confidence level equal to 4.16%. The variables F12, F7, and F5 are the major contributors resulting in the classification verdict above. Other positive variables increasing the likelihood of the assigned label are F8,  F1, And F9. On the other hand, the negative variables decreasing the odds of any of these labels being the true label have moderate to low impact. In conclusion, looking at the direction of influence of each input feature, it is evident why the classifier is quite certain that neither C4 nor C6 is likely the right label here.

The model is 73.58% certain that the correct label for the given case is C2, however, there is a 22.27% chance that it could be C1. The above prediction decision can be attributed to the influence of variables such as F12, F7, and F5. On the other hand, the least relevant variables are F10,  F3, or F6. Examining the contributions of the variables revealed that all the input variables have varying degrees of influence on the model's decision here. Positive variables increasing the odds of assigning the assigned label include F8, which has a very strong positive contribution, whereas negative variables decrease the likelihood of selecting the appropriate label. In conclusion, considering the predicted probabilities across the classes, it is valid to conclude that neither C3 nor C4 are the proper labels for this data instance.

The most probable label for the given data instance, according to the classifier, is C2 since its prediction probability is 100.0% whereas that of C1 is only 0.05%. The above classification decision is mainly based on the influence of the following input features: F12, F7, and F5. Among these top influential features, all four have a negative impact, shifting the verdict in the opposite direction. This implies that there is a very small chance that perhaps C3 could be the true label. However, considering the fact that the ratio of positive features to negative features is smaller compared to those of negative attributes, it is valid to conclude that this model is quite confident about the assigned label here.

The classification algorithm labels the given case as C2 with a 73.58% confidence level, implying that there is only a 22.27% chance that it could be C1. The variables F12, F7, and F5 are the most important variables influencing the algorithm's output decision in this instance. On the other hand, all the remaining variables have negative contributions, increasing the odds of the assigned label. This can be explained away by looking at the attribution analysis to see which variables contribute positively towards the prediction made here. Among these influential variables, only F9 has a negative contribution, decreasing the likelihood of labelling the provided data as either C4 or C3. In conclusion, considering the direction of influence of each input variable, it is not surprising that the model is quite confident about the correctness of its classifier's decision for this case.

Run names: 
balmy-forest-91 absurd-dew-49 dry-thunder-55 solar-serenity-72 fresh-oath-71 earthy-hill-73 gallant-wave-65 scarlet-capybara-56 logical-rain-50 rich-valley-82 fallen-shadow-80 decent-donkey-81